doc(release) Release notes hotfix web 25.10.7 (#5045)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-25.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 25.10.7

Release date: `February 10, 2026`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Administration] Fixed a blocking issue on LDAP authentication.

> - [Dashboards] Fixed issue preventing metric widgets from being displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Administration] Fixed a blocking issue that caused some LDAP users to be unable to log in.
- [Dashboards] Fixed an issue that caused metric-related widgets to be empty.
```
